docs: Update Linux core merge guidelines. (#8003)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Homebrew-linuxbrew-core-Maintainer-Guide.md

brew merge-homebrew --core
```

> Merging all the changes from upstream in one go is risky since it's
> harder to keep track all the active builds. Instead, attempt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Merging all the changes from upstream in one go is risky since it'll be
more difficult to keep track of all the active builds. Instead, attempt
```

> harder to keep track of all the active builds. Instead, attempt

Reviewer: I think "risky" doesn't match "harder" -- I'd say something is risky when there is a higher chance of a failure.

Reviewer 2: Yes, just go for "harder" :)

The `merge-homebrew` command will create a pull-request for you, using `hub`.

> Continuous integration checks that the pull request passes

Reviewer: I confused the verb 'check' with the noun 'check' the first time I read it and had to re-read it a few more times before I understood my mistake.

```suggestion
Continuous integration verifies that the pull request passes
```

`brew readall` and `brew style`, which only takes a few minutes.
Finalise the merge with:

```bash
git push origin master
```

The merge is now complete. Don't forget to update your GitHub fork by
running `git push your-fork master`.

> If someone else has pushed to Homebrew/linuxbrew-core before you finish
> the merge, you can update your branch with `git rebase --rebase-merges`,

Reviewer: I think this paragraph can be moved to before the paragraph above ("The merge is now complete"). If we move this paragraph, we can also slightly improve the wording:

```suggestion
If the above command fails (for example, if another maintainer pushed their changes to Homebrew/linuxbrew-core before you finished the merge),
you can update your branch with `git rebase --rebase-merges`,
```
